[firebase_auth] getIdToken use actual refresh value instead of checking if object exists (#1334)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: packages/firebase_auth/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.14.0+9

> * getIdToken use actual refresh value instead of checking if object exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the behavior of `getIdToken` to use the `refresh` parameter instead of always refreshing.
```

## 0.14.0+8

* getIdToken use actual refresh value instead of checking if object exists

## 0.14.0+7

* Remove AndroidX warning.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
